To make the system stable both the integration layer and seaber system must be in sync.
integration layer stores the messages from the external system first and then create the
order into the seaber system. If seaber system is down the integration layer will keep on 
accumalating the data and when the seaber system starts running, then data of the integration 
layer will be synced with seaber system. The main thing is that system is not loosing any data
during the time seaber system is down.

If the seaber system goes down then integration layer keep on accumalating the data until the
seaber system starts working.

If external system sends data with alot of unknown types, data can be saved into the object 
with same extOrderId in the integration layer but order will not be created into the seaber system 
until it does not have the required type like 'from,to and cargo' according to the document.


The order of the message does not matter, the message will be saved into the integration layer,
once all the required type of the order are received then order will be created in the seaber
system.

In the integration layer the duplication of the message also does not matter, if the message is 
duplicated then it will overwrite in the existing message in the integration layer.

If the message is interleaved with different extOrderID, it will create new record into the integration
layer but order will not be created into the seaber system unless required types are received.

If the messages from the external system for the same order come at the different time it will be saved
into the seaber system, because the action of the order can be different e.g first message can be of create
order type and second message can be of cancel the order.

If the message does not contain any type then the order will not be created into the seaber system, according
to the doucment the order can only be created if messages of all three required types are received.

Converting of XML data type into JSON type will not majorily effect the code, because a function can be added
into a code which will check the type of data, if data type is XML it will be converted into JSON and then
return the JSON.




